Specify which Android Studio version is supported (#1254)
edx/edx-app-android: README.md

        git clone https://github.com/edx/edx-app-android

> 2. Get a supported Android Studio, currently Android Studio v3.1.3 is the latest supported version.

Reviewer: Download an Android Studio setup. The latest tested android studio version is v3.1.3, you can download it from here (https://developer.android.com/studio/archive).

Author: ```suggestion
2. Setup the Android Studio. The latest tested Android Studio version is v3.1.3, you can download it from here (https://developer.android.com/studio/archive).
```

Thanks @farhan.

> 2. Setup the Android Studio. The latest tested Android Studio version is v3.1.3, you can download it from here (https://developer.android.com/studio/archive).

Reviewer: Make the here word hyper link of  'https://developer.android.com/studio/archive'

Author: ```suggestion
2. Setup the Android Studio. The latest tested Android Studio version is v3.1.3, you can download it from [the previous versions archive](https://developer.android.com/studio/archive).
```

Author: Done @farhan!

> 3. Open Android Studio (currently Android Studio v3.1.3. and choose **Open an Existing Android Studio Project**

Author: ```suggestion
3. Open Android Studio and choose **Open an Existing Android Studio Project**
```
